
DESCRIPTION
Theo Two bedroom apartment with Loft is situated on the first floor of the of a residential building, centrally  located in Marathias,a small village in South Corfu. The accommodation includes two bedrooms. One bedroom with double bed and the second bedroom with two single beds and a low-ceiling loft space - accessible via wooden ladder - designed as an supplementary sleeping and playing area with two single beds. The apartment features a fully equipped kitchen integrated with the dinning area and one bathroom. Both rooms are equipped with air conditioning. Guests can access a private balcony offering a relaxing sitting area with views of the surrounding olive groves the village and the sea.  It is also common sitting place with a barbeque facilities. The space is ideally suited for families with the children or couples or anyone looking for a quiet stay close to nature while still being short distance of a bakery, minimarket, tavernas, and one of the most beautiful sandy beaches in South Corfu. Private parking directly in front of the house.

INFO AROUND
The apartment is set in a peaceful area with everything you need close by. A mini market is just 100 metres away, perfect for your daily essentials, and within short walking distance you will also find a bakery and several traditional taverns. The main road is 200 metres from the property and provides a bus connection to both Corfu Town and the nearby resort of Lefkimmi, only 8 km away, where you will find larger supermarkets such as Lidl, Diellas or Masutis, along with other shops. Some of the most beautiful sandy beaches in South Corfu are just a 1,5km from the villa, offering quiet, unspoilt coastline. The surrounding area also features more bars, cafes, and local tavernas to enjoy during your stay.

DIRECTIONS AND TRANSPORTATION
If you are coming from the Greek mainland, the shortest route is from Igoumenitsa to Lefkimi Port, which is about 10 km from the apartment.
If you are coming from Corfu Town, the drive takes approximately 40 minutes.
When you arrive in Marathias, you will see a bus stop — continue into the village. On your left there is a bakery. Keep going straight and you will see a minimarket in front of you. Do not turn right downhill; continue straight. After about 20 meters, you will see an orange wall. Turn left into the narrow road — this is the entrance to the property.
There is parking space for 3 cars, so please be considerate of other guests.
Open the iron gate and go upstairs using the iron stairs. Enter through the white door. Theo two bedroom apartment with Loft is nr.2.The key will be in the key lock box. When you enter the apartment, please insert the card into the slot next to the door so that the electricity is activated.




